of one of the benefits you should take advantage of is going to be what
the the navy has is the thrift savings plan and so that's where you're
taking a portion of your money in your putting it away for the
future and there's a variety of different funds that you can invest
your money and you can do up to a certain percentage of your paycheck
every month and that money's going to go away and you're not really
going to touch that until you're you know later in your retirement
years and that money is just going to grow and you should be contributing
to that every single month so look into what new kind of benefits
are being offered for the thrift savings plan the blended retirement
system and take advantage of those things because you know you're
not always going to be in the navy for ever you need to have some
sort of nest dagen and savings plan built up for when you leave